To us this day
I'll sing your hymn.
A gift from heaven to you.
A manger
The hope of the world and the future.
Hold on.
Roman Roman
Joy.
It's Christmas time.
time
Christmas everyone
And welcome to Christmas with Oak Hills. Of all the places you could be, I'm thrilled that you've chosen to share a few moments of this special day with us. We're going to sing some Christmas songs, and you are not...
You are not going to want to miss Max's special story time reading of his book, The Crippled Lamb. So get comfortable and gather around with those in your household. And for the next 45 minutes, you're going to
Let's celebrate the one who brought joy to the world and hope to the hopeless. Isaiah 714 says, The Lord himself will give you a sign. Behold the virgin.
And shall call his name Emmanuel. We have hope. We have hope.
For God is with us.
Thank you
Merry Christmas, everybody.
I hope you're having a wonderful
Wonderful.
holiday
Season.
Many years ago, my children and I made a practice when they were small,
Of creating stories together.
And of the stories, the many stories that we created together, I think our favorite is this one.
The crippled lamb.
I'd like to share it with you.
It's a special.
Christmas story.
Once upon a time in a sunny valley,
There lived a little lamb named Joshua.
He was white with black spots, black feet,
And sad eyes
Josh felt sad when he saw the other lambs with snow-white wool and no spots.
He felt sad when he saw the other sheep with their moms and dads.
Because he didn't have a mom or dad.
He felt the saddest, however, when he saw the other lambs running and jumping.
Because he couldn't.
Josh had been born with one leg that didn't work right.
He was crippled.
And he always limped.
When he walked.
That's why he always watched while the other lands ran and play.
Josh felt sad and alone.
except when abigail was around.
abigail was josh's best friend.
She didn't look like a friend for a lamb. She was an old cow.
She was brown with white blotches that looked like rain puddles on a path.
Her belly was as round as a barrel, and her voice was always kind and friendly.
some of josh's favorite hours for spin.
with Abigail.
They loved to pretend they were on adventures in distant lands.
josh liked to listen to abigail tell stories about the stars.
They would spend hours on the hill looking into the valley.
they were good friends.
But even with a friend like Abigail,
Josh still got sand.
It made him sad to be the only lamb who could not run and jump and play on the grass.
That's when Abigail would turn to him and say, "Don't be sad, little Joshua."
God has a special place.
For those who feel
Left out.
Josh wanted to believe her, but it was hard.
Some days he just felt alone.
he really felt alone the day the shepherds decided to take the lambs to the next valley where there was more grass.
The sheep had been in this valley so long,
That the ground was nearly bare.
All the sheep were excited when the shepherd told them that they were going to a new meadow.
As they prepared to leave, Josh hobbled over and took his place on the edge of the group.
But the others started laughing at him.
You're too slow to go all the way to the next valley.
Go back, slowpoke. we'll never get there if we have to wait on you.
Go back, Joshua.
That's when Josh looked up and saw the shepherd standing in front of him.
There right, my little Joshua.
You better go back.
This trip is too long for you.
Go and spend the night.
In the stable.
Josh looked at the man for a long time, and then he turned slowly.
And began limping away.
When Josh got to the top of the hill,
He looked down and saw all the other sheep headed toward the green grass.
Never before had he felt so left out.
A big tear slipped out of his eye and rolled down his nose and fell on a rock.
Then he heard Abigail behind him.
And Abigail said what she always said when Josh felt sad.
Don't be so sad, little Joshua.
God has a special place.
For those who feel left out.
Slowly, the two friends turned and walked to the stable together.
By the time they got to the little barn, the sun was setting like a big orange ball.
Josh and Abigail went inside and began to eat some hay out of the feed box.
They were very hungry.
And the hay tasted good.
for a little while joshua forgot that he had been left behind.
"'Go to sleep, little friend,' Abigail said, after they finished eating."
You've had a hard day.
Josh was tired, so he lay down in the corner on some straw and closed his eyes.
He felt Abigail lie down beside him.
And he was glad.
To have Abigail,
As a friend.
Soon, Josh was asleep.
at first he slept soundly curled up against abigail's back.
In his sleep he dreamed.
He dreamed of running and jumping, just like the other sheep.
He dreamed of long walks with Abigail through the valley,
He dreamed of being in a place where he never,
Felt left out.
Suddenly, strange noises woke him up.
Abigail he whispered
Wake up, I'm scared.
Abigail lifted her big head and looked around.
The stable was dark except for a small lamp hanging on a wall.
Somebody is in here, Josh whispered.
They looked across the dimly lighted stable.
And there, lying on some fresh hay in the feed box, was a baby.
a young woman was resting on a big pile of hay beside the feed box.
Joshua looked at Abigail.
thinking his friend could tell him what was going on. But Abigail was just as surprised as Josh.
Josh looked again at the woman and the child.
Then limped across the stable.
He stopped next to the mother and looked into the baby's face.
The baby was crying.
He was cold.
The woman picked up the baby and put him on the hay next to her.
Josh turned around the stable.
And looked for something to keep the baby warm.
usually there were blankets but not to-night the shepherds had taken them on their trip across the valley.
Then Josh remembered his own soft warm wool.
Tim and Lee.
He walked over and curled up close to the baby.
Thank you, little lamb.
the baby's mother said softly.
Soon the baby stopped crying and went back to sleep.
About that time a man entered the stable carrying some rags. I'm sorry, Mary, he explained.
This is all the cover I could find.
it's okay.
She answered,
This little lamb
has kept the new king warm.
A king?
Joshua looked at the baby and wondered who he might be.
His name is Jesus
Mary spoke as if she knew Josh's question.
God's son.
He came from heaven to teach us
About God.
Just then, there was another noise at the door. It was the shepherds, the ones who had left Joshua behind.
Their eyes were big and they were excited. We saw the bright light and heard the angels. They began.
And when they saw Joshua next to the baby, they said, Joshua,
Do you know who this baby is?
He does now.
It was the young mother who was speaking.
She looked at Joshua and smiled.
God has heard your prayers little lamb
This baby
Is the answer.
Joshua looked down at the baby.
and somehow he knew this was a special child and this was a special moment.
He also understood why he had been born with her crippled leg.
Had he been like the other sheep, he would have been in the valley. But since he was different,
He was in this stable.
among the first.
To welcome Jesus.
Into the world.
He turned and walked back to Abigail and took his place beside his friend.
You were right, he told her.
God does have a special,
Place.
From me.
And he has a special place for you, my friend.
May God give you strength on this Christmas.
And Lord, we pray now for all people who hear this story.
Especially those who really needed this story.
May they be reminded,
That in your plan,
Everyone.
Is special.
In Jesus name.
Amen.
The Burt
I bribe.
Let it shine.
Here's the line.
Of our day
In the Savior's Spirit.
I'm going to sing a little more.
Until he appeared
And the soul
Without its words
All through.
O Lord.
The real
World
Nature.
Oh, yeah.
I knew
And I'm gonna be a small boy.
Fall
Slay.
Play.
Roar!
All of them.
Oh, praise the Lord.
Ancient sea.
is long.
The call.
Shrink
Story of the Wealthy
King who ruled a large kingdom.
He was a good guy.
And the people loved him and worked very hard to please him and make the kingdom great.
one day the king of this prospering kingdom wanted to show his gratitude to the people who loved and served him so the king sent out an invitation to all the people of this
full of the land to join him at his palace.
And once everyone arrived, the king began to have his servants bring valued treasures and other possessions from his palace out into the great courtyard in front of the king's palace.
I don't know.
He then told his loyal servants that whatever they wanted and wrapped their arms around,
And with the King's approval,
It would be theirs.
One of the people went to one of the objects in the courtyard, a painting, and wrapped his arms around it, looking to the king.
The king nodded.
With approval.
And the painting now belonged to the servant.
another servant of the king now more confidently went to a beautiful chair and wrapped her arms around it and looked to the king.
The king once again nodded, and the servant
Took the chair.
This happened over and over and over and over and then from out of the crowd.
A little boy appeared.
He was perhaps the the poorest little boy in all the kingdom.
The boy approached the king and asked,
Is it true that whatever I wrap my arms around will be mine?
And the king said,
Yes, it's true.
The little boy once again asked the king if he was sure he knew what he was doing and what it meant.
The king was amused by the little boy's audacity.
And once again he said yes, I'm sure.
At that point,
The little boy fell to his knees
And wrapped his arms around the king's leg.
Onlookers gasped as the king's guards moved in, but the king held up his hand.
As the courtyard fell silent.
The king
He put his hand on the little boy's head and declared,
You
My son are the wisest in all the kingdom.
For when you chose the king,
You chose everything that belongs.
To the king.
That boy could have done everything that he had seen everyone else do and and seek a gift from the king.
But instead,
He recognized that the greatest gift in all the kingdom
was the king himself.
right now in in homes
All around the globe. we we gather together to remember, in the midst of the the parties and the gifts and the food,
We could never receive more.
Than we received on that silent night.
When the God of all the universe wrapped his son in human likeness,
To rescue us from sin and death.
"'For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, "'whoever believes in him would not perish.'"
But have eternal life.
God did all this.
For you.
And for me.
So like a young, helpless child, we too could wrap our arms around the king,
Of heaven.
For when we do.
We receive him.
as well as
Every spiritual blessing
Heaven.
Has to offer.
Aim is Jesus.
This past year,
One of our students, Jack,
He was struggling to find hope.
His peers at school were bullying him and verbally abusing him.
He was struggling with grades and academics.
He felt pressure from his parents to get his grades up.
Jack found himself feeling...
Hopeless.
Empty.
Frustrated with life.
He was questioning.
Why was he even here on this earth? And?
Considering ending his life.
But God.
Had a plan.
Daniel.
Jack's best friend reached out to Jack to to.
See how he was doing and Jack began to to open up about the thoughts that he was having, emotional pain, and lack of purpose and emptiness.
Even suicide.
Daniel began to pray for Jack.
But,
Daniel also reached out to his parents and to his small group leaders for prayer and counsel.
And Daniel and his parents in turn contacted our student ministry leaders for support.
Jack's Biblical community walked with him.
Listening to him, encouraging him and loving on him.
And through those prayers, relationships and support, Jack,
Bound.
Hope.
he realized there were people who loved him enough to take the time to to listen and to learn and to show him the hope of jesus.
Will you help us to continue?
To help students like Jack.
You can do that by giving toward our year-end offering.
When you say yes, we will be able to say yes to even more opportunities to help people like Jack to find hope.
Of Jesus.
Giving online it's simple and it takes less than a minute
I invite you to take out your phone right now and scan the QR code on your screen.
Or you can also give through our app.
All gifts received during Christmas week.
We'll go toward helping people find the hope.
of Jesus.
With your partnership, we can share the hope of Jesus throughout our community,
In our entire world in 2021.
Thank you for joining us.
To celebrate the hope of
of Jesus.
And if you've never received anything,
The hope of Jesus. It is not too late.
I want to invite you, if that's you and you want to make a decision for Christ right now, let's
I want to invite you to pray this prayer with me.
God of hope,
I believe that you sent your son
To be my hope.
And i trust Jesus
I believe that Jesus can save me from my sin. I believe that Jesus can save me for a lifetime of your life.
Glory His purposes in your kingdom.
I receive you, Jesus, my King.
In Jesus' name.
I pray
Amen.
If you received Jesus for the very first time,
We are celebrating with you. All of heaven is celebrating with you right now, and we'd love to connect with you. You can scan that QR code right there, or you can go to oakhillschurch.com.
Come forward slash living hope. One of our ministers will be connecting with you as you begin this amazing adventure in this new life. Thank you.
New beginning.
Christ.
Thanks again for joining us. If you've enjoyed what you've experienced, I hope you'll share it with your family and your friends.
And now,
May the God who
Of hope.
Fill you with all joy and peace.
As you trust in him.
So that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Lord.
Of the holy spirit
God bless you all.
And Merry Christmas.